updated README to add features (#71)
stfc/janus-core: README.md

Tools for machine learnt interatomic potentials

## Features (this is in development not all things work yet)

- [x] Supports multiple MLIPs
  - MACE
  - M3GNET
  - CHGNET
- [x] Single point calculations
- [ ] Geometry optimisation
- [ ] Molecular Dynamics:
  - NVE
  - NVT (Langevin(Eijnden/Ciccotti flavour) and Nosé-Hoover (Melchionna flavour))

>   - NPT (Nosé-Hoover (Melchiona flavour)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - NPT (Nosé-Hoover (Melchiona flavour))
```

- [ ] Nudge Elastic Bands
- [ ] phonons (via vibroscopy)
- [ ] training ML potentials (MACE only planned)
- [ ] fine tunning MLIPs (MACE only planned)
- [ ] Rare events simulations, via PLUMED

> the code relies heavily on ASE, unless somethign else is mentioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code relies heavily on ASE, unless something else is mentioned.
```

> ## Features (this is in development not all things work yet)
> 
> - [x] Supports multiple MLIPs
>   - MACE
>   - M3GNET
>   - CHGNET
> - [x] Single point calculations
> - [ ] Geometry optimisation
> - [ ] Molecular Dynamics:
>   - NVE
>   - NVT (Langevin(Eijnden/Ciccotti flavour) and Nosé-Hoover (Melchionna flavour))
>   - NPT (Nosé-Hoover (Melchiona flavour))
> - [ ] Nudge Elastic Bands
> - [ ] phonons (via vibroscopy)
> - [ ] training ML potentials (MACE only planned)
> - [ ] fine tunning MLIPs (MACE only planned)
> - [ ] Rare events simulations, via PLUMED
> 
> The code relies heavily on ASE, unless something else is mentioned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Features in development

- [x] Support for multiple MLIPs
  - MACE
  - M3GNET
  - CHGNET
- [x] Single point calculations
- [ ] Geometry optimisation
- [ ] Molecular Dynamics
  - NVE
  - NVT (Langevin(Eijnden/Ciccotti flavour) and Nosé-Hoover (Melchionna flavour))
  - NPT (Nosé-Hoover (Melchiona flavour))
- [ ] Nudge Elastic Band
- [ ] Phonons
  - vibroscopy
- [ ] Training ML potentials
  - MACE
- [ ] Fine tunning MLIPs
  - MACE
- [ ] Rare events simulations
  - PLUMED

The code relies heavily on ASE, unless something else is mentioned.
```
Mostly making it extendable if we decide to support other things
